In this video, we are going to go ahead
and plan out some tasks for our Spring
Pet Clinic project. What we want to
do here is start building up our backlog.
I could call this an air quotes a Sprint
planning session but we don't really
have the backlog at this point, so we
can't decide what tasks we want to be
pulling forward. Right now, there's a
number of things that we do need to do.
Do we need to do. That's good English,
John. What we want to be doing is
building up our work queue. We do have
a project in its infancy. I like the
way things are progressing with it.
The development is tracking along pretty
well, but there's a lot that we need to
add to the project. We need to take a
step back and start thinking about what
we need to be doing here. Now you can see
here, on number nine, I had this add web
jars from task out there. We no longer
need it, so I'm just going to say
not needed anymore
because when we brought all the
resources in from the official pet
clinic project, we did bring in the web
jars and bootstrap CSS. We're now
using those web resources, so I just
closed this task out.
We can see that it is now closed.
Let's come over here and create a new
issue.
We have some additional entities
that we want to do, so we will do Create
Pet Type,
Pet and
Visit entities, like so. That's
actually three different entities that
we need to add into the project. I'm
trying to make these video length tasks
that we can accomplish. Usually, when I'm
planning out tasks, I try to do something
that's going to give me like a day of work
or so. We're getting a little more
granular than typical here. Let's see
here.  I made some notes when I went
through it. Though this, I'm working for
from some notes. So create...
We're going to start building
associations. We're going to create a
Vet Specialty and we'll associate that
to a Vet.
We had some contact info properties
that are missing from owners, so we'll go
ahead and add those.
We want to create a Pet Type.
We are going to create a pet type
service and the implementation, just like
we did for the others. We'll go ahead
and add that.
We'll create a pet service as well.
Remember, those are two
different things. Pet and pet types. We'll
need a specialty service.
Now, let's go ahead and add...
We want to be populating pet types.
We want to be adding owners. As we had
the owners with contact info and pets.
That's going to increase the complexity
of what we're doing in our bootstrap
class.
And then, let's go ahead and
let's do... Common on GitHub. You can do it.
We want to be creating some specialties.
That's giving us a variety of things
that we want to be doing there. I'm
going through. We're adding in the
entities and then we're going to add in
data on bootstrap, as well, once we get
the services created. Now we have some
mapping things that we want to do.
We're going to go ahead and implement
the base entity, that's going to be a JPA
type. We'll be getting into the JPA
mappings.
By converting owners to JPA entities, we
will be enhancing those types with JPA
annotations.
We want to do the same to vets.
When we convert the vets, the
owners will be picking up most of the
entities. Let's see here. I'm not adding
in visits yet. I do need to add that in
yet. Let's see here. Create entity.
Create Visit Entity.
That's going to visit, works with the owners
and vets. I'm sorry, owners and pets. I'm
misspoken there.
Let's go ahead and add
Spring Data JPA Repositories.
We are going to be using Spring Data JPA
coming up. This is the most common way
of modern Spring development, so we
definitely want to be utilizing that.
We do use a fair amount of Spring Data
JPA.
So I'm going to go ahead and add that.
Now we want to create Spring Data JPA.
Create a Spring Data JPA Service for
Owners.
A service for vets as well.
And all the other services, we need
to add as well. We're going to need a
Pet Type Service.
We'll also need one
for just Pets.
I don't think I said
specialty yet.
Pets
pet type. Yeah so
we'll do that.
Let's go ahead and review this now. We're
up to 21 issues. You can see we have
quite a list here. We have a couple other
ones down at the bottom, so the equal
methods, we're going to hold off on that
till we implement project Lombok. Upgrade
to JUnit 5 and a couple sections from
the course. From now in the course, we're
going to be getting into testing. I'm
going to, I think most of course I did
JUnit 4 and we didn't really touch on
JUnit 5. But in the pet clinic, I'm going
to upgrade that to use JUnit 5, so the
guys can see the contrast between four
and five. I think that's going to be really
valuable for you guys. Right now, this
is getting a lot of the functionality in
here. You can see all the stuff that
we have to do as far as all the backend
stuff. We're implementing data entities
and now we're going to implement the map
based services. We'll continue having
the maps and we're starting to plan out
tasks we're bringing on JPA and so we'll
be using h2 and Hibernate. We'll be
bringing that ends of course. But you can
see, we've got quite a bit of legwork. We
have things that we have to do first.
This gives us a nice work queue to
complete. We got a lot tasks here and
we'll be tackling these one by one
coming up in the course.